#################
3.0 release notes
#################


*****************
What's new in 3.0
*****************

In this version RadioCo has almost been rewritten completely, internally the major improvements are:

*   Use of time-zone-aware datetime objects (`more info <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.10/topics/i18n/timezones/>`_)
*   Added good amount of tests
*   Changed calendar to use API methods
*   Using bower to download js and css dependencies
*   Renamed internal folders and models

    * django-radio/radio  --> django-radio/radioco
    * django-radio/radio/configs/common --> django-radio/radioco/configs/base
    * ScheduleBoard model has been renamed to Calendar
    * dashboard app has been merged into schedules


And the visible features are:

*   Added a suite of helper tasks using `invoke <http://www.pyinvoke.org/>`_
*   Added public API to access to programmes, episodes, schedules and transmissions (`#2 <https://github.com/iago1460/django-radio/issues/2>`_)
*   The schedule manager has received important updates (`#20 <https://github.com/iago1460/django-radio/issues/20>`_, `#4 <https://github.com/iago1460/django-radio/issues/4>`_)


Now managing schedules should be a lot more simple. From the manager is possible to 
create and edit programmes in addition to schedules.

The forced weekly recurrence has been removed in favor of complex recurrence rules, having 
a unique calendar should be enough.

The Calendar model doesn't have date constraints anymore and only one can be active at the same time.
If you want to restrict a programme you should do it filling the start and end date fields inside itself.



********************
How this affects you
********************

If you’re starting with a new installation, you don’t need to worry about this. 
Don’t even bother reading this section; it’s for upgraders.

Please **make sure of having a copy of your database** before even started to look to the next steps.

If you have custom code or templates I recommend putting them in a safe place, special mention 
to local_settings.py files, your are going to need to move them to the correct folder.

Since this migration introduces timezone support, it's necessary to set the timezone variable:

1. Find your timezone in `this list <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones>`_
2. Go to the config folder and create if not exists a local_settings.py in the same directory than settings.py
3. Add to the local settings the variable timezone, for example: TIME_ZONE = "Europe/Madrid"


.. warning::

    Using an incorrect timezone will cause incorrect dates, you should 
    set/override that setting in your local_settings.py.

.. note::

    For production environments we recommend to use PostgreSQL


You have to install `bower <https://bower.io/>`_ before running the following commands in the project root folder:

.. code-block:: bash

    bower install
    pip install -r radioco/configs/base/requirements.txt
    python manage.py collectstatic
    python manage.py migrate

    